# Privacy Policyflow.ci is developed and operated by Fly It Remotely International Corporation.(hereinafter referred to as the "Company")The privacy protection system of flow.ci is specially formulated by the Company to protect your privacy, this privacy policy applies to all products and services offered by flow.ci. If you access flow.ci website, or use or purchase products and services provided by flow.ci,  it indicates that you accept this privacy policy, and agree that the flow.ci can use your information. ## Collecting InformationDuring your registering and buying and using the products, flow. ci will collect you the following information: - The user name and password   * When you register as users of flow.ci, flow.ci will ask you to set a user name and password to identify you. You can only use the account through the password you set. If you leak the password, you may lose your personal identifiable information, and may result in adverse legal consequences for you. When the account and password is in potential or real danger for any reason, you should immediately get in touch with the Company. The Company shall not assume any responsibility before the Company to take action. - Other Information   * We may ask you to provide your real name, address, telephone number and e-mail address, company relevant information  when you register an account. To provide targeted services to you, you understand and agree that the Company will notify you of this information through your e-mail address or phone number.- Project Information  * flow.ci needs to gather your project information in GitHub, Bitbucket or other third-party code hosting site, otherwise the service will cannot be provided. Specific project information include: the source code, project branch, project contributors. - Bank or Alipay / Paypal Account Information  * If the Company requires you to provide your bank or Alipay or Paypal account information for providing the services, the Company will strictly implement the relevant confidentiality agreement after you provide the relevant information,. 使用## Using Information- Your information collected by flow.ci will be used in your flow.ci account and project creation, periodically verify your right to use the products, products and services purchased payment processing and purchase information notification, product iterative upgrades, product promotions and various notification alert. In addition, to evaluate and provide you with better products and marketing services, flow.ci may use the information you provide to us for internal statistics and analysis.  - flow. ci will use your source code for project building, the content related the code will be deleted in docker containers after the completion of the project building. After deleting items, flow. ci has no right to obtain the source code any more. - flow.ci will get your project branch information to facilitate to build a branch of the latest version manually and set which push request of the branch can trigger automatically builds. - flow.ci will get your project contributors and display them in page, and can facilitate request contributors as a team member. - Your personal information collected by flow.ci in accordance with the laws will be used for auditing, data analysis, research, and sharing with associated companies and other internal purposes, such as in this way you can better enjoy the Company to provide you with comprehensive services. The company can also improve the company's products and services. 
- Depending on the specific circumstances, the Company will provide certain personal information to the partners who cooperate with the Company to provide products and services or to help the Company carry out marketing to customers. The Company will share personal information with third parties only for the purpose of providing or improve the products, services and advertising of the Company; and will not share personal information with third parties for their marketing purposes, but will not sell your personal information. The Company has an obligation to ask the partners to strictly abide by the confidentiality agreement. ## Automatically Collected Informationflow. ci allows you to store, send, receive, edit, sync, share, or in other ways to organize or manage files and folders (including any information or data stored in these folders) (hereinafter referred to as the "user files"). The Company may obtain all size of user file get stored on your flow.ci, because the Company needs to understand the actual conditions about flow.ci that you use, but the Company will not share any of your private project file, also will not targeted to backup / copy any information and documents in your private project.## User Filesflow.ci allows you to store, send, receive, edit, sync, share, or in other ways to organize or manage files and folders (including any information or data stored in these folders) (hereinafter referred to as the "user files"). The Company may obtain all size of user file get stored on your flow.ci, because the company needs to understand the actual conditions about flow.ci that you use, but the company will not share any of your private project file, also will not targeted to backup / copy any information and documents in your private project.	## SecurityThe Company only provides the corresponding security measures according to the existing technology to keep the information not be lost, be abused and be altered. These security measures include the backup data to other servers and the user password encryption. In spite of these security measures, but the Company does not warrant that the information is absolutely safe. ## COOKIEWhen you visit flow. ci or its service, flow. ci may store some information on your computer in the form of "Cookie", "Cookie" is a small text file which is placed on your computer by web server,  "Cookie" cannot be used to run the program, nor deliver viruses to your computer. The purpose of using "Cookie" is to provide you with a convenient and time-saving features, but it doesn't mean flow. ci can automatically learn any personal information about you. You can choose to accept or reject "Cookie".##Linksflow. ci may contain links to other sites, flow. ci shall not  be responsible for the privacy treaties or the content of the other sites. ## Business TransferInformation collected by flow.ci will be treated as an asset. If any subsidiary company, branch or part of its assets of flow.ci is acquired by another company, then such information may be one of the transferred assets. If so, the acquirer Company can use your information only in accordance with this privacy policy (or any subsequent policies effectively when collect information from you). Please note that the information committed or collected after transfer may have to comply with the new privacy policy adopted by the acquirer company. ## Modificationflow.ci may modify our privacy policy from time to time.These modifications will be reflected in this policy. Your satisfaction will be accounted at the top for any modifications. We encourage you read our privacy policy each time when you visit flow.ci and other services. 