# flow.ci Service Agreement flow.ci is developed and operated by Fly It Remotely International Corporation. (hereinafter referred to as the "Company").The terms under this Service Agreement is agreement between you and the Company, which shall be revised when necessary without prior notice. Once the revised terms are posted on the web page, it shall effectively replace the original terms under this Service Agreement.## Premise of Useflow.ci mainly provides continuous integration service for enterprise and independent developers currently. flow.ci allows you to browse (use) the content of this website on computer equipment. Please read carefully and accept "Service Agreement" and " Privacy Policy" under this website and then submit necessary personal and enterprise/team information to complete registration. The information related to yourself and your enterprise/team  obtained by the company will be used safely in accordance with the relevant clauses in the "Privacy Policy". flow.ci service will be charged. After you submit an application for using fee based products, the Company will provide payment method of third-party online services recognized by us, and to ask you to pay related costs . A successful payment shows that you've got the right to use fee based services and has reached the deal, and, we will not refund the service fee you have paid unless the service cannot be provided due to the reason of the company. In addition, if the account is not available  because you violate the relevant provisions of the "Privacy Policy" or "Terms of Service",the Company will not refund service fess of the fee based service.## Account and Password### You must register first before using flow.ci service for obtaining the account provided by flow.ci. You agree and warrant that: - User information you filled in is true, accurate, complete,timely, and ensure flow.ci can get in touch with you via your contact information filled in, otherwise you cannot enjoy the services provided by flow.ci or the services you enjoyed are subject to some restrictions.
- If the documents information or certificates you provide contain incorrect, untrue information, flow.ci reserved the rights to refuse to provide services to you or terminate the services at any time.- You should be responsible for your account registered in flow.ci, which can only be used by you and cannot be transferred, granted or inherited. - As an agent on behalf of another natural person or organization to register, you must provide detailed documents of the principle and agent and written authorization to flow.ci. flow.ci will deems the registrant as a member if you do not provide the above documents.### You agree to take full responsibility for all operations and comments by using the account and password: - flow.ci identifies your instructions by your user name and password , so please keep your user name and password safely. The loss caused by a password leak shall be borne by you. - If you find any others steal or misappropriate your account and password or any other situation without legal authorization, you should promptly notify the flow. ci in a efficient way, and require the Company to suspend related services. At the same time, you understand the Company needs a reasonable time period to take action on your request. The Company does not take any responsibility for your loss as a result of the instruction have been implemented before such action. ## Rules of Use- You understand and agree that the Company unilaterally modify the relevant service rules without your consent. The service rules are subject to the page tips when you use services, and your agreement and compliance of service rules is the premise that you use this service. - The Company will notify you the service progress and suggests you the next step of operation by E-mail, but the Company does not guarantee that you will be able to receive or receive the email in time, and not to undertake any responsibility. Therefore, you should timely log in this website to view and conduct related operations during the service. The Company shall not undertake any responsibilities of any disputes or losses arising from the failure of modification or confirmation of the service status as you have not to view in time ,or failure to submit relevant application. - When you use this service, the Company has the right to charge a service fee to you in accordance with the corresponding service charges introductions, orders, or related agreements. The Company has the rights to formulate and adjust service charges, and charges for specific services shall be in accordance with the fees listed on this website notice when you use this service or other written agreement between you and the Company.  - If you are in violation of the terms of Service Agreement of the flow.ci, the Company shall have the right to refuse to continue to provide any service for you. - You will recognize that there will be some advertisement messages in flow.ci. You should judge  their authenticity and reliability for the advertisement information appears in flow.ci service. You shall be responsible for the transaction in accordance with the advertising information except explicit stipulation by the law. - In any case, you should not trust loans, ask for a password or other network information related to the property. You must verify the other party's identity firstly and always pay attention to the tips about preventing fraud crime on the flow. ci if the operation involves property. ## Your Rights and Obligations - You have the right to have your own user name and password in flow.ci, and have the right to use your own user name and password to log in flow.ci at any time.- You have the right to enjoy the services provided by flow.ci, and have the right to accept technical support of flow.ci when receiving services provided by flow.ci, and service content can be found in the introduction of related products of flow.ci. You should use the service in the ways provided or recognized by this website.- You have the right to request flow.ci to issue formal invoice for fees you have paid for the service, but the invoice amount does not include the section gifted by flow.ci during the top-up activities. - You promise not to use technical or other means to damage or disrupt the web sites and services of flow.ci and other customers. - You authorize flow.ci to verify your identity and eligibility through a third party, and obtain relevant information of the service you used under this Agreement.- You should respect the intellectual property rights and other legitimate rights of flow.ci and other third parties, and flow.ci reserves the right to terminate services provided to you and do not refund any payment if you violate the legitimate rights and interests of flow.ci.- You should take responsibility by yourselves of all of the consequences due to the incorrect contact details that you provide to flow.ci and poor security and stability of your e-mail box for receiving emails of flow.ci,  including but not limited to the result and losses as you failed to receive related notice from flow.ci timely.- You ensure that the mobile phone number used for registration will be effective for long-term. Once the mobile phone number is found to be expired, the user will be regarded as invalid, and account will be banned, and the account balance will not be refunded.  - When you use the products or services provided by third parties on this website, in addition to comply with this Agreement, you must also comply with the third-party user agreement. This website and the third party will take their own respective responsibilities on possible disputes that may arise within the scope of the laws and the agreement.  　- You ensure that, you shall comply with laws and regulations when providing services in the use of the flow. ci, and shall not use flow.ci to engage in any illegal behavior, including but not limited to:    * Publish, transmit, disseminate, store any contents that endangers national security and unity, disrupt social stability, contravene public order and morals, insult, slander, obscenity, violence and any violation of country laws and regulations;   * Publish, transmit, disseminate, store any content infringes on the intellectual property rights, trade secrets and other legal rights of other parties;   * Maliciously fabricate  facts and conceal the truth to mislead, deceive others;    * Publish, transmit, and disseminate advertising information and garbage information;   * Other behaviors prohibited by laws and regulations - You warrant that all files, pictures etc. that you uploaded on this website have legitimate sources, otherwise flow.ci will not assume responsibility for any disputes arising therefrom. And you shall compensate flow. ci of the corresponding loss if it leads flow.ci into litigation or other disputes. - flow.ci reserves the right to terminate to provide services to you if you violate the above provision and will not refund any payment to you.  You shall be compensated for losses suffered by the Company due to your acts. - If you violate above agreement, the relevant state organs or institutions may lawsuit against you, fines or other sanctions measures, and requires flow. ci to give assistance. You shall compensate for any damages in accordance with the law, and flow.ci does not undertake any responsibility. - If flow.ci find or receive others’ report that the information you published violates the Agreement, the Company has the right to conduct an independent judgment and take technical methods to delete, block or disconnect it. At the same time, flow.ci has the right to take measures including but not limited to suspend or terminate the service, restrict, freeze or terminate use of the account, and investigate for legal responsibility depending on the nature of the user's behavior- You should undertake liability independently for damage to any third party arising from your violation of the Agreement, and also compensate for losses suffered by flow.ci. - Losses suffered by flow. ci arising from political disputes involved by flow.ci due to your behavior shall be borne by you,.## The Rights and Obligations of flow.ci- flow.ci should provide qualified services to you according to service you chose and payment situation.- flow.ci website has the right to use your documents and information. - The company has the right to review your information and decide whether to accept you as users of flow.ci.- The Company reserves the right to terminate your service when you violate state and local laws and regulations, or violate these terms and conditions, and in any case, the Company shall not bear any responsibilities for any indirect, incidental, special and the consequent damage.- The Company reserves the right to disable the account when you use an invalid and expired phone number which is not obtained from a normal telecom department and not to refund the account balance.##Privacy and Data Securityflow.ci will  collect, use, store and share your personal information in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, and will use existing various security techniques and procedures to establish a relatively perfect management system to protect your personal information , to avoid suffering from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. flow.ci promises not to disclose your information to third party, not to authorize third party to use your data, unless:    * Should be provided in accordance with laws and regulations;
   * flow.ci is required to provide by administrative, judicial and other authorities;
   * flow.ci submits to resolve reported incidents, litigation;   * flow.ci must submit to prevent serious violations or alleged criminal behavior to take the necessary and reasonable actions;   * It is necessary to provide the services you request.   * The Company shall assumes no responsibility for any leakage, loss, stealing, tamper of personal data caused  by the force majeure event which impact the site normal operation such as hackers, invasion or attack of computer virus, or temporary closure caused by government regulation;    * The Company shall assume no responsibility for any leakage, loss, stealing, tamper of personal data because the user tell the personal password to others or share with others the registration account;    * The Company shall assume no responsibility for any leakage, loss, stealing, tamper of personal data of any other website link from the website.## System Interruption or Failure The Company is not liable for damages arising from failure of using the network services because system may not work properly for the following situations including but not limited to:- During closing down and maintenance of the Company’s system. - Telecom equipment is failed for data transmission.- The Company system is failed to perform operations due to typhoon, earthquake, tsunami, floods and power outages, war, terrorist attacks and other force majeure factors.
- The interruption or delay of services due to hacker attacks, adjustment or fault of telecommunications sector, website upgrade, bank issues and other reasons. ## Protection of Trademarks, Intellectual Property Rights- The company has the intellectual property rights of all the content provided by flow.ci on this site, including but not limited to text, content, software, video, music, sound, graphics, photos, chart, graphic design, image, name, logo, trademark and/or service marks (including registered and unregistered), and other information including but not limited to trademark rights, patent rights, copyright, trade secrets, etc. according to law. The intellectual property rights of the content produced by users in the use of the services provided by flow.ci is owned by the user or related right holder. Without the written approval of the Company, the user or related right holder, anyone shall not disclose, use, or allow others to use or create derivative works in any forms. ## Scope of Liability and Limitation of Liability- The Company take the responsibility which is specified in this Agreement. - The cooperation unit in this Agreement is responsible for the quality of the service and content provided by their own. - In the extent permitted by law, the Company shall not bear any responsibilities of the losses for any indirect, punitive, special, derivative (including loss of business, loss of revenue, loss of profits, loss of using data or other economic benefits) that is caused by this Agreement  or in connection with this Agreement, no matter how it was produced , or whether it breach of this Agreement (including breach of warranty) or by the infringement, even if has been told the possibility of such losses in advance. In addition, even if the exclusive remedy under this Agreement does not meet their basic purpose, the responsibilities of Company for such losses should also be eliminated.- Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, in any case, you agree that the total liability of the Company's to this Agreement shall not exceed the total amount of the service fee you charge for such service.## Service or Software Updates and Changes to the Terms- We may change the terms and conditions under this Service Agreement at any time. If you use the service after the change of these terms and conditions are become effective, you agree to the new terms and conditions. If you do not agree to the new terms and conditions, you must stop visiting flow.ci and stop using their services, and close your flow.ci account.- Sometimes, you may need to update the software in order to continue using the service. We will automatically check your software version, and download software updates or configuration changes, including those that might prevent you from accessing the service, or use of unauthorized hardware peripheral device configuration changes and may also require you to update the software to continue to use the service. Such update will be bound by these Terms, unless other provisions accompany the update, in this case, the other provisions shall apply. Notwithstanding the above agreement, flow.ci has no obligation to provide any updates or guarantee that flow.ci will provide support to the system version of the software licensed to you. Such updates may not be compatible with software or services provided by third parties.- In addition, in some cases, we may need to remove or alter the functions of service or stop to provide a service, or access to third party applications and services. Unless applicable law requires clearly, we have no obligation to offer to re-download or restore for the serve of function or service that has been removed or changed before. We may release Beta versions of the service or its function. Beta versions may not work properly, or work in the ways different from the final version. ## The Contracting Entity, Choice of Law and Dispute Resolution - When you choose to use the service provided by flow.ci, you will sign the contract with Fly It Remotely International Corporation. (Domicile: No. 28-1, 12 layer 042 Zhongguancun Street, Haidian District, Beijing); The provisions of this Service Agreement will be governed by the laws of the People's Republic of China. When you use a flow. ci service according to the terms of this Service Agreement, for any dispute arising from or in connection with these Terms or Service, including any issues related the existence, validity or termination of these provisions, shall be submitted to China International Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission (hereinafter referred to as "CIETAC") arbitration, to arbitrate in accordance with valid CIETAC arbitration rules. The arbitration award will be final and binding on both parties. ## The Complete Agreement- The Service Agreement, any applicable privacy policy, complementation and updates of terms, and any privacy policy you agree to forms a complete Service Agreement of flow.ci services and its applications. - You understand and agree that you understand and agree all parts of this Agreement. Once you use this service, you and the Company shall be bound by this Agreement by all components.- Part of this Agreement is identified as illegal by the competent court, and therefore does not affect the validity of other contents. ## OtherIf you have comments or suggestions to this Agreement or the Service, you can contact the Company, contact to: help [at] flow.ci, we will give you the necessary help. 